Update metric definitions for TES, TEDAS and TEMAS (#551)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions.md

Good, I'm Satisfied / Good I'm Satisfied + Bad I'm Unsatisfied

> ## Active Servers (TES, TEDAS & TEDAU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Active Servers (TES, TEDAS, and TEDAU)
```

    * Small/Medium teams typically leverage a single server.
    * Large teams can leverage Enterprise Edition features to create server clusters that allow them to scale their instance.

#### TEDAS

TEDAS stands for _Telemetry-Enabled Daily Active Servers_. It is the count of unique [production servers](metrics-definitions.md#server-considerations) sending telemetry \(“activity"\) data to Mattermost on a given date **with at least one daily active user**.

> A server has a daily active user, if at least one user recorded activity on the Mattermost server in the last 24 hours, such as viewed a channel or posted a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server is considered to have a daily active user, if at least one user recorded activity on the Mattermost server,  such as viewed a channel or posted a message, in the last 24 hours.
```
